Trev8939/show labels on layers in 3d (#870)
Esri/arcgis-runtime-samples-android: kotlin/show-labels-on-layer-in-3d/README.md

# Show labels on layer in 3D

Display custom labels in a 3D scene.

![Show labels on layer in 3D](show-labels-on-layer-3d.png)

## Use case

Labeling features is useful to visually display information or attributes on a scene. For example, city officials or maintenance crews may want to show installation dates of features of a gas network.

## How to use the sample

Pan and zoom to explore the scene. Notice the labels showing installation dates of features in the 3D gas network.

## How it works

1. Create an `Scene` from a `PortalItem`.
2. Add the scene to an `SceneView` and load it.
3. After loading is complete, obtain the `FeatureLayer` from one of the `GroupLayer`s in the scene's `operationalLayers`.

> 4. Create an `AGSTextSymbol` to use for displaying the label text.
> 5. Create an `AGSLabelDefinition` using an  `AGSArcadeLabelExpression`.

Reviewer: oops iOS classes have made their way in! 
```suggestion
4. Create an `TextSymbol` to use for displaying the label text.
5. Create an `LabelDefinition` using an  `ArcadeLabelExpression`.
```
